doc the great western engine puffed
sadly to Edwards station it's not fair
plain diesel has been telling lies about
me and made Sir Topham Hatt and all the
engines think I'm horrid bedre smiled I
know you aren't and so does Sir Topham
Hatt you wait and see why don't you help
me with his car
the cars were silly heavy noisy the two
engines had to work hard pushing pulling
all after class they reached the top of
the hill goodbye Vasudha roll gently
over the crossing to the other line
coasting down the hill running easily
with wind whistling past suddenly it was
a conductors warning whistle come on rod
left the cars we've broken the wave away
Jason they raced through Edwards station
but the cars were catching up as fast as
we can that they'll catch this gradually
the driver was skiing control another
clear mile and we steamed against the
car
into a siding or a barber had set up
shop he was shaving mckusker the silly
cars had knocked their conductor off his
van and left him far behind after he had
whistled the water
but the cars didn't care that we're
feeling very pleased with themselves beg
pardon sir gasps duck excuse my
intrusion no I won't said the barber
you'll frighten my customer I'll teach
you
and he'd lather duck's face all over
poor duck Thomas was helping to pull the
cars away once you copy
I do not like engines popping through my
walls you the bomber
I appreciate your feeling that said Sir
Topham Hatt
but you must know that this engine and
his crew have to prevent a serious
accident it was a very close shave
Oh set the bar oh excuse me he filled
the basin of water to wash duck's face
I'm sorry I didn't know you were being a
brave Indian that's all right sir I
didn't know that either you were very
brave indeed said Sir Topham Hatt
I'm proud of you
sir topham hatt watch the dusty
population then you had more news for
duck and when you are properly washing
mended you are coming home closer to the
yard of course but Sir they don't like
me they like diesel not now I never
believed diesel so I sent him packing
sorry Weston